I may look like a nice English lady in a
sensible cards again but these days it's
a thin veneer and it's starting to crack
who wants to bring kids into this bloody
world my point is I just don't think
that the world needs more Kate took her
crawl one of the most unsung figures of
alternative rock hasn't been seen in 20
years at 10 Wow so gorgeous thank you
I think I've had enough tucker bloody
crows lost 20 lifetimes tucker has a new
album and I don't want to spend my time
with someone who doesn't get it
well somebody new Juliette naked is a
naked attempt to squeeze a few more quid
out of a long-dead career you wrote this
is the strangest thing I met someone on
the Internet
you're finally entering the modern age
event that review I post it you nailed
it I couldn't have explained it better
myself
Tucker cross Taku Crowe as in Duncan's
idle talk at work yeah it's Milly me
what's your story
it's really odd to be saying all this to
a stranger but life of a hunter I've
wasted the last 15 years of my life I
don't imagine this as much of a
consolation but I'm ashamed to say that
two decades have slipped through my
fingers
at least you have a pass to live up to
big news I am coming to London would you
like to meet for a drink we'd not sad
where you find
beautiful spot are you
that's me and my high school chess club
so I could explain this I'm not trying
to trap you or cut your head off
right have you been Duncan Thompson
stuck a crow I'm Stevie Wonder
real mature honey
you are you're drinking sucka crud glass
of water I'm not getting a famous
American rock star a glass of wolves I'm
not that famous okay and I'm an
alcoholic
well you'll fit right in
it's wondering if you'd be interested in
me do you think there's only way back
for me you sure this doesn't have
something to do with your idol coming
along and fencing me please how do we
know that's even him well I have
Passport
well that would be super well all of
this seems to be in order
well oh my god
[Music]